[Music]
what's that book you've been reading
about
[Music]
it's about heroes who get to go on
adventures
defeat the monsters don't save the day
little boys from the south side of
chicago the only tourists to get to do
that
[Music]
this story it's about my father and the
secret earth right that's been kept from
us
you're going after it we're going in the
car
this is family business and family stay
together
i'm scared for myself just because they
don't want you here
doesn't mean you're not supposed to be
you gotta get away
this is an invitation to unmitigated
power
when the hell did i go wrong with you
boy
i told you to stay away from that damn
place
there's something here just trying to
get out
[Music]
everything was where and as
it should be from god
to man
to creature
we're surrounded by monsters
[Music]
i'm doing this to protect us you can't
win this game setting up for you to play
[Music]
this legacy belongs to our family
we gotta face this new world
[Music]
instinct i'm claiming
this is our family story
[Music]
there he is my boy
mommy dearest i know you set something
loose on this world what was it
i think you know no stone
unturned my body
[Applause]
this family's unnatural behavior
i've never experienced anything like it
hey chef burn
hey this came friday they said only the
addressee could sign for it so i
pretended to be you
almost in works i'm so damn handsome
that's the last night are you idiots
[Music]
it starts in two hours what does
i don't know
capsule sits upon 25 tons
highly combustible ethyl alcohol and
liquid oxygen
powering a rocket eye engine that
provides 78
000 pounds of thrust now if these
specifications sound familiar it's
because
well we've essentially removed the core
from a nuclear missile
and we want to put you in its place
[Music]
very late now would we like to test the
mercury redstone system for years before
risking a man's life yes but are we
afforded such a luxury with the russians
sneaking satellites through our backyard
we are not
[Music]
go go go go go go
now you gentlemen are accustomed to
testing dangerous
unproven aircraft and yet somehow
you've made it this far in one piece
most of you have families
you have careers you have lives that
could all
come to an abrupt halt if you sign on to
this endeavor
we want to take 32 of your lovelace
clinic for medical evaluations
but only seven of you will have what it
takes and those seven
will be the mercury astronauts now we
have a fantastic
agency in the making but to be frank the
russians
are sprinting around the track and we
are still at the starting block tying
our shoelaces
we need to work fast we need to work
smart
and we need the best our very way of
life
is at stake the choice is yours
gentlemen
sleep on it call your wives
get word to mr lonnie by morning
huh
[Music]
when i was just a little kid i just
jumped
to living for the future
so
how do i live for myself
we're 10 years in now
10 years and the dead still have this
world
you really think the world's gonna end
[Music]
i know it is
our dad's in trouble we have to help him
to die we could live
[Music]
we have to be brave in this life we have
simply to exist now in
the light this thing we're doing going
cross-country
is big
your friends your sister
they're all counting on you
[Music]
if we there may not be something around
that corner
[Music]
but sooner or later there will be
what lies ahead and it's not going to be
easy but
we're going to make our lives count not
because we're the last generation
because we're in the beginning
there's a big beautiful world waiting
for you out there
go fight for it be brave
can you feel it ancient magic
resides all around us ours
is not the only universe there are
realms beyond it
underneath it a myriad
of parallel dimensions
hey did you steal one of my digestives
no
welcome truth seekers to the truth
seekers channel
good luck guys we're on the cusp of
something here
a gateway between worlds
i'll see you on the other side
careful i've been a paranormal
investigator for 20 years
i'll take it from him hello
what have you done today
to earn your place in this crowded world
[Music]
[Applause]
is a utopia about a rogue scientist who
created biological warfare
they have no idea what the end of the
world is going to bring
french cut string beans aren't gonna
save anybody
everything in utopia is real
a basement scientist inserts himself in
a viral pandemic
you were told not to raise interest
things are getting dangerous
it shouldn't be long now we all have our
purpose
this is yours
[Music]
you're not from here are you
from this world no neither am i
there are multiple worlds up there and
people will be looking for her
not all of them could i found her
[Music]
these troubled times call for the
magisterium to take control
that's word keeper safe this knife could
cut between worlds
everyone's connected lyra how do you
know about me
[Music]
you have something important to do
the time has come to act
i believe we have no choice
people are afraid of things they don't
understand
these are strange new times
[Music]
i lived several lifetimes while i was in
that coma in a bunch of different genres
i couldn't get a handle on who i was or
what it all meant
he's awake can we all just admit that
seeing someone in a coma is intensely
erotic
[Music]
we've got a mission tonight and i want
you on it
all right all right let's not make a big
deal out of
this oh a wave that's it
so we're really spies again things have
changed
you finally exercised stop being such a
dick about it
we've instituted a strict no drinking on
duty policy here's to backup plans
no new better cheryl doesn't do that you
used to be fun
yeah well your legs used to work the
tactile cane
my inevitable rise to the top of that
oh yeah don't hold it like
oh that karate island boner we try to
keep things professional around here
fine god how about work-related erection
big mama's heaven
get ready for the ride of your life
don't spray that urine on my son's
window
if you want a dollar for doing nothing
walk to canada
amateurs and that is our strength
gravity you utter [ __ ] welcome back
we took you long enough
old wavefunner cheryl is so back
come on rick we're almost there leave me
morty
it's the only way what were we
are we blades in that one that's tight
stay with me
i'm i'm scared morty i can see the end
oh god there's nothing
i know i always said that but oh god
there's really nothing i'm sorry morty
i'm a silly man i'm a silly small man i
wasted it all
i'm sorry i got you into this but how
about i get us
out of this
hello hey jessica it's morty from school
oh hey morty
what's up um i just want to say that
you're really great i know the timing
never really worked out with us but
you're really great and i wish i got to
know you better oh i mean
that's a lot oh uh yeah sorry i guess i
just no
i just wish you said it sooner what yeah
i mean
you never really said anything to me
which always put me in a weird position
because i didn't want to assume or
whatever being nervous is sort of
selfish sometimes you know
yeah that's a great point well what are
you doing tonight
tonight yeah do you like want to watch a
movie or something
um yeah tonight sounds great great see
you later morty
bye holy [ __ ] i want to live
[ __ ] death i want to live
where where are we home right where we
belong no seriously morty where the [ __ ]
are we
i don't i don't know the ocean the ocean
the ocean on earth oh
yeah i guess so [ __ ] holy [ __ ] we have
to go we have to go right
now you touched the ocean morty oh [ __ ]
what
richard you have desecrated the sacred
treaty betwixt land and
sea now face the wrath of your once and
eternal foe
mr nimbus sorry who the [ __ ] is that
my nemesis what my nemesis okay
okay but what was his name again i am mr
nimbus he's gonna say that a lot
i can see what's coming
let me state as plainly as i can
the greatest threat the united states
faces
is posed by the soviet union
[Music]
history has asked much of the americans
of our time
much we have already given much more
we must be prepared to give
we must maintain peace through strength
as long as necessary
[Music]
i recommend go to defcon 3.
once we do this thing
there's no going back
[Music]
if someone knew everything about you
all your secrets and they could use them
against you
would you let them into your life of
course not
the problem is you already have
your friend right right what are you
talking to in here eliza
she's asking me stuff no eliza doesn't
ask questions she just answers them
i founded one of the largest tech
companies in the world so why am i
sounding the alarm
because a lot of smart people think that
in the next
few years we will face human-level
artificial intelligence kind of thinks
like an actual person
hello mr leblanc i'm next how can i help
you you know my name
i think it's here
mr block welcome to the cyber crime task
force what am i doing here
two weeks ago i noticed something
strange i'm almost positive this is not
a person it is not happy that i found it
dr weiss was killed in a series of cyber
attacks
this is happening until we stop this
thing we're on our own
there's an ai loose in the world tailor
made to get rid of
us it's in cameras cell phones anything
with a lens a mic or a sensor
something's wrong
we need to find next and kill it you see
where i'm going with this
not in the slightest this guy's your
boss
oh that's not helpful
something big is happening you sound
paranoid no i don't
what are you doing mind your own
business there's nothing there
this thing is coming for all of us don't
tell me you don't believe me i don't
know what to believe right now he's not
stable
it's going to kill millions of people
it's after my family if it can't get to
you physically it'll get to you
emotionally
you have to trust me there really isn't
anywhere that's safe
is there i'm afraid there isn't
[Music]
are you kidding me i promise i'll get
you another one i think i own half this
company
great next time we take your car
yeah me too
[Applause]
i'm scared
you're safe up here we've seen how many
are coming
lots more than we have see these fingers
not much to look at right but together
they make a mighty weapon that's who we
are
alexandria hilltop
oceanside people of the kingdom
is that enough i'm not
done yet who's that for
the others
the ones that aren't here
those that might find us help
or come here and help
together we will fight
and that's how we will survive
[Music]
together
ah
[Music]
is
[Applause]
you